From http://citeseerx.ist.psu.edu/viewdoc/download?doi=10.1.1.352.6104&rep=rep1&type=pdf
* The reputation, which is expressed by a floating-point number between 0 and 1
* Each node stores locally two reputation values about its neighbours, the local and global reputations.




The goal of the reputation mechanism is to detect black
and grey holes that do not correctly forward the traffic going
through them and to prevent future data from following this
path. The reputation, which is expressed by a floating-point
number between 0 and 1, indicates how much a node can
be trusted by others through a history of its behaviour when
forwarding data packets. The reputation mechanism is based
on three reputation values: the local reputation, the global
reputation and the current reputation broadcasted in RREQs

A. Local and global reputation

Each node stores locally two reputation values about its
neighbours, the local and global reputations.
The local reputation reflects the reliability with which a
given node successfully forwarded packets sent to it in the
past. The Watchdog module is in charge of updating this
reputation value. Whenever a neighbour duly forwards a
packet untouched, its local reputation is increased. Otherwise,
it is decreased. In the following RL A[B](i) will stand for the local reputation 
of node B at node A at the ith iteration. 
The global reputation reflects the reliability other nodes of
the WMN put in a given node. This global value (superscript
G) has been derived from reputation values distribued through
modified AODV messages and stored locally.
For both local and global reputation values, a history of
the last N reputations computed (local) or received (global)
about a given node is saved. It helps to identify sporadic
misconducts.

B. Current reputation

Propagated through the network, the current reputation
(superscript C) is a merge of both local and global reputations
that can be exploited to determine the real behaviour of a node.
In other words, it represents how much a node is trusted by the
whole network plus how much each node trusts that given node
(only when that node is a neighbour). By merging the local
and global reputations, this mechanism prevents a malicious
node from precisely identifying which of its neighbours has
begun to whistle blow about its deviant behaviour.

D. Reputation update

The dissemination of reputation is done through the AODVREX
process and is therefore based on its routing messages
to propagate the reputation data. The following formulas are
variations of the development from [2], [3].
Let us define a scenario to illustrate the reputation calculation.
Node C requests a route and therefore sends a RREQ
message. Node B receives that packet and because it cannot
reply to the request, inserts RC
B[C](i), the reputation data it
stores about node C, in the RREQ it forwards. When node A
receives the packet from node B, node A checks the packet for
reputation data and weight it with RC
A[B](i−1), the reputation
of B locally stored in A, according to (1). The weighting is
motivated by the risk that a malicous node B could transmit a
forged reputation about node C. Finally, node A compares in
(2) the weighted outcome against the last global reputation it
received about node C.

